[Music]
hi I'm Rebecca Brandt and today we're
gonna make fast-food hashbrowns this is
a kind you might get at your Diner it's
the extra crispy kind they are delicious
and they're so easy let me tell you
what's in them because you're not gonna
believe how simple this is gonna be we
start with a potato any potatoes fine
I'm using a brown russet today we have
our salt and we have our oil that's it
let's get started we're gonna peel our
potato so I like to use these bags you
all know that so for this dish you can
use any potatoes I'm using a brown
russet and it's a big one it's a fatty
today all right we're done look at my
fast cleanup whoa ahh
into the trash it goes we need a heater
oil up I'm using a really big frying pan
I want a lot of surface area to get the
crispy edges on my hashbrowns
I'm turning this on high and I'm gonna
put my oil in today I'm using canola any
kind of vegetable oil or lard is fine
and I'm gonna use about four tablespoons
of the oil you want to be generous
because you want really crispy edges I'm
gonna drain it on paper towels and take
the extra oil off so don't give me a
ticket for all that oil right now I'm
gonna grate my potato now so you get a
grater with the biggest hole as possible
and just go to town this is a dish you
can make at home in about five minutes I
love the speed of this and it's so
delicious and it's homemade this is
better than any fast food hashbrowns
you'll buy because everything is just so
fresh these potatoes haven't been frozen
when you get down to the nub that's when
I grab some paper towels so I don't get
my fingers all messed up my oil is hot
let's go fry them up on deck I have my
plate with a paper towel on it to catch
all that grease I don't want to eat
let's see if it's hot enough it's on
high I'm just gonna put a little one in
sizzle sizzle it's time to cook so grab
a handful and just layer it thin you
want a thin layer because it's only
gonna get brown on the first layer
touching that hot oil
I'm out with a spatula and that's a hot
that's on high I love cooking fast and
getting to the finish line
so I often cook on the highest heat but
that's okay if you're right next to your
food and you're babysitting it which is
what I'm doing well good
get your salt now and you put your salt
on it I'm a salt girl I have no sodium
issues far as I know yet so I'm pretty
generous with that salt I'm not a pepper
girl so I'm even not the pepper but you
might like pepper and your hash friends
have at it
you're gonna cook this side for about
three minutes the rules of the road here
is you may poke with your spatula to
make it larger you may not press and you
may not stir you do that you're not
going to get that crispy brown side
that's the secret
we're making progress when you can see
those brown edges now look at that check
it check the bottom that looks really
good almost time to flip look at how
that freely moves in the pan loving that
let's check it again now that looks
great for me that's exactly how I like
it so I'm gonna use a toothed spatula
flip method haha beautiful a little more
salt on this side to love it the second
side is gonna go faster
oh no that's ready look at that that is
so perfect
yay off ready to go now just put your
hash browns on that paper towel get that
extra oil off flip it you see that's how
much oil came out so that's good I'm
gonna eat this with an egg beautiful
ah over easy just how I like it now I'm
a ketchup girl when it comes to hash
browns
time for a bite subscribe to my channel
let's keep making these great dishes
together okay so we have a little hash
brown a little ketchup do not give me a
ticket here comes some egg that's my
perfect bite uh-huh oh that is decadent
this hash brown is so crispy
I can eat it like this with my fingers
and dip II do in that ketchup it's
awesome so let me know what you think of
your hash browns if you want to make
those eggs I have eggs three ways on my
channel yummy
[Music]